# School_District_Analysis
## Overview
In this assignment we were asked to help Maria find if there was academic dishonesty in 9th grade for Thomas High School. There was suspicion that the reading and math scores were altered. To start I had to go through and replace all the 9th grade math and reading scores with NAN values, so that they wouldn't skew our data. After doing that I had to go and perform a complete district analysis to determine if the results were truly skewed.
## Results
After running my code and retrieving my results I can see the amount of effect removing the 9th graders had. In the district summary I can see that the scores went up a bit from our intial results. For example the Original Overall Passing Percentage was 65.17% and the New one was 66.9%. There was a bit of a jump so we can say that the 9th grade data was skewing the data. In the school summary we can see a big jump in the math, reading, and overall columns for THS. For example before I did the calculations to figure out the new math score percentage, the original percentage was 66.91% and the new percentage was 93.18%. This shows a huge difference without the 9th grade data; which means that it was skewing the overall scores for THS. By replacing the 9th grade data we can see that it plays a significant change on multiple variables. It increases the following variables math and reading scores by grade, but it doesn't seem to effect scores by school spending scores by school size, scores by school type.
## Summary
In conclusion once we replace our 9th grade data with NAN's we can see that it has a profound effect on the rest of the THS data. It effects the reading and math scores by showing us that they increase once the data is removed. It doesn't seem to effect the school spening scores when I run the data. It looks to remain similar. The scores by school type variable looks to be the same as well.
